fix: Casting issue due to MariaDB not included in inheritance schema anymore (#2888)
doctrine-extensions/DoctrineExtensions: CHANGELOG.md

---

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed

> - Fix regression with `doctrine/dbal` >= 4.0 that caused MariaDB to improperly try to CAST to LONGTEXT in TranslationWalker (issue #2887)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix regression with `doctrine/dbal` >= 4.0 that caused MariaDB to improperly attempt LONGTEXT casting in `TranslationWalker` (issue #2887)
```
